USF-921: How to Enrich drop-ins (#142)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/all/enriching.mdx

---

> title: Enriching dropin-in components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Enriching drop-in components
```

description: Learn how to enrich your backend Commerce data with Enrichment blocks.
---

import Aside from '@components/Aside.astro';
import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import Tasks from '@components/Tasks.astro';
import Task from '@components/Task.astro';
import Diagram from '@components/Diagram.astro';
import Callouts from '@components/Callouts.astro';
import OptionsTable from '@components/OptionsTable.astro';
import { Badge } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import Vocabulary from '@components/Vocabulary.astro';
import { Code } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import Link from '@components/Link.astro';

> This topic introduces you to the concept of enriching drop-in components. You will learn how to add content blocks above or below a drop-in component in the document and learn how to add content to slots in a drop-in using the slots API functions.

Reviewer: What document? Something is missing. You should probably mention the starter content and the need to create similar files to enrich the experience in new ways.

## Big picture

Drop-in components can be enriched in the following ways:

<Diagram caption="Three ways to enrich drop-in components">
  ![Ways to enrich drop-in components](@images/ContentEnrichment.svg)
</Diagram>

<Callouts columnCount="1">

1. **Add content blocks**: Add new content blocks above or below the drop-in component in the document.

> 1. **Add enrichment blocks**: Add an enrichment block above or below a drop-in component in the document.

Reviewer: Your graphic shows boxes labeled "content" rather than "enrichment block"

1. **Add content to slots**: Add content above or below slots in the drop-in component using the slots placement API.

</Callouts>

## Key concepts

<Vocabulary>

> ### Enrich or enrichment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enrichment
```

> Enrich or enrichment means to add content that strengthens the user experience of the drop-in on the webpage. When viewing a product's details (via the product-details drop-in), the user experiences all the core features of the drop-in, but but all the other extra content on the page, like product recommendations, must be added in one of the ways described in this topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enrichment means to add content that strengthens the user experience of the drop-in on the webpage. When viewing a product's details (via the product-details drop-in), the user experiences all the core features of the drop-in. However, all the other extra content on the page, like product recommendations, must be added in one of the ways described in this topic.
```

### Content blocks

Content blocks are tables in a document that contain text, images, or other media. They are used to structure and organize content on a webpage. See <Link href="https://www.aem.live/developer/block-collection" text="Block collection" /> for more information.

### Commerce blocks

> Commerce blocks are Edge Delivery Service blocks that contain drop-in components. Commerce blocks are used to add drop-in components like the PDP drop-in, as well as custom components like product recommendations and other commerce-related information on a webpage.

Reviewer: Spread the love to the other drop-ins. Or mention this topic discusses enhancing the PDP drop-in, but the principles apply to all.

### Enrichment blocks

> Enrichment blocks are specialized content blocks to dynamically display content above or below commerce blocks based on product SKUs and category numbers.

Reviewer: These are not limited to PDP entities. There was a demo that modified cart pages.

### Slot API functions

The slots API provides several functions to add content within a drop-in component by specifying a slot name and a position. The slot API provides functions to add content to specific positions above and below the slot, such as prepend and append. See the full list of slot API functions here: [Extending drop-in components](/dropins/all/extending#big-picture)

</Vocabulary>

## Add content blocks

The following steps show you how to enrich a commerce block by placing content blocks above or below it. The following example shows the default product-details document with a simple product recommendation block below it.

<Tasks>

<Task>
### Open a commerce block document

Open the document that contains the commerce block you want to enrich. In the boilerplate starter content, open the `products/default.docx` to see an example of a product recommendation block below the product details block.

> 

Reviewer: Did you mean to reference `PositionContentBlock.png` somewhere near here? It's not displayed anywhere on the page.

You need at least one screenshot for each of these head2s.

</Task>

<Task>
### Add normal content or content blocks

Add a normal headings, text, images or content blocks above or below the commerce block in the document. You can copy content blocks (tables) from the [AEM Sidekick Library](https://sidekick-library--aem-block-collection--adobe.aem.page/tools/sidekick/library.html?plugin=blocks&path=/block-collection/) and paste them into the document.

</Task>

<Task>
### Preview and publish changes

Use AEM Sidekick to preview and publish the changes to see the content above or below the commerce block.

</Task>

</Tasks>

## Add enrichment blocks

Enrichment blocks are used to add content above or below commerce blocks based on product and category numbers. The following steps show you how to enrich a commerce block by placing an enrichment block above or below it.

<Tasks>

<Task>
### Create enrichment content

> In Google Docs or SharePoint, add a new document to the `enrichment` folder. You can duplicate the `product-banner` document and rename it. Then add the content you want to display above or below the commerce block.

Reviewer: Guidance needed. Give an example of what I might do.

Author: Yeah, I'll add a banner of some sort.
